README.md, before:

<div align="center">
  <h2><i>Animals-Re-Identification-survey</i></h2> 
</div>

<div align="center">
Collect various papers about re-identification for animals towards better generalization
</div>

# Content
- [Papers](#papers)
  - [Problems and Challenges](#problems_and_challenges)
    - [Long-Tailed Distribution](#long-tailed_distribution)
    - [Real-World Ecological Challenges](#real-world_ecological_challenges)
  - [Cross-Species Transfer Learning](#cross-species_transfer_learning)
    - [Pretrained Model Transfer](#pretrained_model_transfer)
    - [Cross-Species / Cross-Domain Transfer](#cross-species/cross-domain_transfer)
    - [Biology-Aware / Taxonomy-Driven Transfer](#biology-aware/taxonomy-dsriven_transfer)

# Papers

## Problems and Challenges

### Long-Tailed Distribution
- **Deep Long-Tailed Learning: A Survey**.  *Yifan Zhang, Bingyi Kang, Bryan Hooi, Shuicheng Yan, Fellow, IEEE, and Jiashi Feng*.  [[DOI](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.04596)][[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04596)][[code](https://github.com/Vanint/Awesome-LongTailed-Learning)] ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv2021-red)
- **A Survey on Long-Tailed Visual Recognition**.  *Lu Yang, He Jiang, Qing Song, Jun Guo*.  [[DOI](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.13775)] [[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13775)] ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv2022-red)
- **Bag of Tricks for Long-Tail Visual Recognition of Animal Species in Camera-Trap Images**.  *Fagner Cunha, Eulanda M. dos Santos, Juan G. Colonna*.  [[DOI](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.12458)] [[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12458)] ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv2022-red)

### Real-World Ecological Challenges


## Cross-Species Transfer Learning

### Pretrained Model Transfer

### Cross-Species / Cross-Domain Transfer

### Biology-Aware / Taxonomy-Driven Transfer

Commit message:

Add reference to long-tailed metrics in object detection
Added a new reference on long-tailed metrics and object detection in camera trap datasets.

README.md, after:

<div align="center">
  <h2><i>Animals-Re-Identification-survey</i></h2> 
</div>

<div align="center">
Collect various papers about re-identification for animals towards better generalization
</div>

# Content
- [Papers](#papers)
  - [Problems and Challenges](#problems_and_challenges)
    - [Long-Tailed Distribution](#long-tailed_distribution)
    - [Real-World Ecological Challenges](#real-world_ecological_challenges)
  - [Cross-Species Transfer Learning](#cross-species_transfer_learning)
    - [Pretrained Model Transfer](#pretrained_model_transfer)
    - [Cross-Species / Cross-Domain Transfer](#cross-species/cross-domain_transfer)
    - [Biology-Aware / Taxonomy-Driven Transfer](#biology-aware/taxonomy-dsriven_transfer)

# Papers

## Problems and Challenges

### Long-Tailed Distribution
- **Deep Long-Tailed Learning: A Survey**.  *Yifan Zhang, Bingyi Kang, Bryan Hooi, Shuicheng Yan, Fellow, IEEE, and Jiashi Feng*.  [[DOI](https://arxiv.org/abs/2110.04596)][[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2110.04596)][[code](https://github.com/Vanint/Awesome-LongTailed-Learning)] ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv2021-red)
- **A Survey on Long-Tailed Visual Recognition**.  *Lu Yang, He Jiang, Qing Song, Jun Guo*.  [[DOI](https://arxiv.org/abs/2205.13775)] [[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2205.13775)] ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv2022-red)
- **Bag of Tricks for Long-Tail Visual Recognition of Animal Species in Camera-Trap Images**.  *Fagner Cunha, Eulanda M. dos Santos, Juan G. Colonna*.  [[DOI](https://arxiv.org/abs/2206.12458)] [[pdf](https://arxiv.org/pdf/2206.12458)] ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/arXiv2022-red)
- **Long-Tailed Metrics and Object Detection in Camera Trap Datasets**.  *Wentong He, Ze Luo, Xinyu Tong, Xiaoyi Hu, Can Chen and Zufei Shu*.  [[DOI](https://www.mdpi.com/2076-3417/13/10/6029)] ![](https://img.shields.io/badge/MDPI2023-purple)

### Real-World Ecological Challenges


## Cross-Species Transfer Learning

### Pretrained Model Transfer

### Cross-Species / Cross-Domain Transfer

### Biology-Aware / Taxonomy-Driven Transfer
